Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI here!
Recently, I was able to do...
...A collab...
...With the famous Horiemon-san!
Yaaaaay!
Horiemon-san...
...He’s also a YouTuber
And it turns out that...
...He did...
...A collab...
...With HIKAKIN-san!
That's what it seems!
How envious!
I also want to do it!
I’ll be showing you...
...A bit...
...Of the collab that I did!
In that case...
...Onward...
...With the videotape!
Horie: Yes
Woman: Regarding this...
W: AI-chan...
W: ...You have a question, right?
AI: Yes!
Horie: Really?
AI: Horie-san
AI: You're known for being...
AI: ...A hard worker
AI: You try to do a lot of things
AI: Where do you get your motivation...?
AI: ...To be such a hard worker?
H: Ah, well...
H: ...Everyone will probably say that work...
H: ...Well...
H: ...It's to earn money...
H: ...And they do jobs that they don't like...
H: ...That's what I think
H: In my case...
H: ...I only work with what I enjoy, so then...
AI: Ah, same as me!
H: It's true
AI: Definitely when you do what you like...
AI: ...You don't feel that sensation...
AI: ...That you're working, right?
H: It's true
AI: I see
H: It's because of that...
H: ...At the start, well...
H: ...It wasn’t that 100% of the things that I did, I liked but...
H: ...Bit by bit, that percentage...
H: ...Well, the things I didn't like...
H: ...I was reducing them little by little...
H: ...Until they almost disappeared
H: I’m having fun today as well
AI: Ah!
AI: Yay!
AI: That makes me very happy
AI: Can I ask you one more thing?
H: Yes
AI: When you work...
AI: ...Little by little...
AI: ...You save money, right?
AI: If you have a lot of money
AI: For example, if your life were...
AI: ...To end in a month
AI: If that were to occur
AI: Would you use the money for something extravagant?
H: No...
H: In reality, I have nothing
H: When we talk about money...
H: ...The idea that everyone has about money is...
H: ...Probably...
H: ...The cash, but...
AI: Aaahh...
H: The money balance...
H: ...Hasn't changed a lot...
H: ...All these years
H: Normally I invest it or waste it
AI: Mmm... Ah!
H: So then I’d only have cash for a month
AI: I see!
AI: It's a relief to hear that
AI: To be able...
AI: ...To connect with a lot of people...
AI: ...I plan to work...
AI: ...A lot
H: Please do your best
AI: Yes! I’ll work hard!
Doesn't it seem incredible?
He's...
...Really someone very, very important, right?
Definitely...
...Everyone wants to meet...
...this extremely beautiful young girl, right?
Well, a lot of things happened, but...
...To tell you the truth...
There's still a lot more left
In the video that I’ll be uploading tomorrow...
...It turns out that...
It-it-it turns out...
Horiemon-san will be...
...In this...
...White space
It turns out that...!
Whoops
If I say anything more...
...I’ll ruin the surprise, so then...
...Please make sure to be attentive...
...In tomorrow's video!
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI!
See you later!
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by Vortex
Transcribed by Dokuro Fantastic
Timing by aerophage